PIN-6435 - Add eservice-template-readmodel-writer-sql (#1669)
pagopa/interop-be-monorepo: packages/eservice-template-readmodel-writer-sql/README.md

> # pagopa-interop-be-event-consumer-poc
> 
> Kafka consumer that consumes Debezium events and updates the read model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# pagopa-interop-be-eservice-template-readmodel-writer-sql

Kafka consumer that consumes Kafka events and updates the read model
```

Author: Deleted the file. Apparently, all the `readmodel-writer-sql` packages do not have it and some OG `readmodel-writers` also have that error. They're gonna be deleted in the future, so I left them alone.
